
	Problem 11: Programming languages	

	/*  
	 * 	- Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages.
	 *
	 *	- How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
	 *	
	 *	- Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.
	 *
	 * */ 
	
	- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
	
	I. List of popular programming languages

		1. C
		2. C++
		3. C#
		4. Objective-C
		5. Java
		6. JavaScript
		7. PHP
		8. Python
		9. Ruby
		10.Perl

		1. The Programming Language C

			C is a general-purpose programming language developed by Dennis Ritchie between 1969 and 1973. 
			C is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time, and C compilers are 
			available for the majority of available computer architectures and operating systems. Many later
			languages have borrowed directly or indirectly from C, including D, Go, Rust, Java, JavaScript,
			Limbo, LPC, C#, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, Verilog (hardware description language), and
			Unix's C shell. These languages have drawn many of their control structures and other basic 
			features from C.

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)


		2. The Programming Language C++

			C++ is a general purpose programming language that is free-form and compiled. It is regarded as 
			an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features.
			It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features.++ is one of the most 
			popular programming languages and is implemented on a wide variety of hardware and operating system
			platforms. As an efficient performance driven programming language it is used in systems software,
			application software, device drivers, embedded software, high-performance server and client applications,
			and entertainment software such as video games.C++ has influenced many other programming languages, 
			for example, C#, Java, PHP, Perl and others.

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)


		3. The Programming Language C#

			C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, 
			functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming 
			disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard 
			by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). C# is one of the programming languages designed for 
			the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI). C# is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing 
			C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime (CLR).
			C# is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language.

			Platform: Common Language Infrastructure


		4. The Programming Language Objective-C

			Objective-C is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language that adds Smalltalk-style messaging
			to the C programming language. It is the main programming language used by Apple for the OS X and 
			iOS operating systems and their respective APIs, Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.Generic Objective-C programs that 
			do not use the Cocoa or Cocoa Touch libraries, or using parts that may be ported or reimplemented for other 
			systems can also be compiled for any system supported by GCC or Clang.
			C++ is currently nearly a superset of C, while Objective-C is a strict superset of C.

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)


		5. The Programming Language Java

			Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically
			designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application 
			developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need 
			to be recompiled to run on another. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that 
			can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture. 

			There were five primary goals in the creation of the Java language:

			- It should be "simple, object-oriented and familiar"
			- It should be "robust and secure"
			- It should be "architecture-neutral and portable"
			- It should execute with "high performance"
			- It should be "interpreted, threaded, and dynamic"

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)


		6. The Programming Language JavaScript (JS)

			JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers,
			whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, 
			communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.It is also being used 
			in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.
			JavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and has first-class functions. 
			Its syntax was influenced by C. JavaScript copies many names and naming conventions from Java, 
			but the two languages are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics. It is a multi-paradigm 
			language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and functional programming styles.


		7. The Programming Language PHP

			PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose 
			programming language. PHP is now installed on more than 244 million websites and 2.1 million web servers.
			While PHP originally stood for Personal Home Page, it now stands for PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, a 
			recursive backronym.
			PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page:
			PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file 
			to process data. It has also evolved to include a command-line interface capability and can be used in 
			standalone graphical applications.
			PHP is free software released under the PHP License. PHP can be deployed on most web servers and also as a 
			standalone shell on almost every operating system and platform, free of charge.


		8. The Programming Language Python

			Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes
			code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would 
			be possible in languages such as C. The language provides constructs intended to enable clear 
			programs on both a small and large scale.Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including 
			object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type 
			system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library.
			Like other dynamic languages, Python is often used as a scripting language, but is also used in a wide range
			of non-scripting contexts. Using third-party tools, such as Py2exe, or Pyinstaller, Python code can be 
			packaged into standalone executable programs. Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)


		9. The Programming Language Ruby

			Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and 
			developed in the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.According to its authors, Ruby was influenced 
			by Perl, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp.[9] It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, 
			object-oriented, and imperative. It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management.

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)


		10. The Programming Language Perl

			Perl is a family of high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming languages. The languages 
			in this family include Perl 5 and Perl 6.Though Perl is not officially an acronym, there are various backronyms 
			in use, such as: Practical Extraction and Reporting Language.The Perl languages borrow features from other 
			programming languages including C, shell scripting (sh), AWK, and sed.
			Perl 5 is used for graphics programming, system administration, network programming, finance, bioinformatics,
			and other applications. It is nicknamed "the Swiss Army chainsaw of scripting languages" because of its flexibility
			and power, and possibly also because of its "ugliness".

			OS: Cross-platform (multi-platform)

